ah hey guys I'm here to talk about all
the drama that has transpired lately and
sadly I'm here to tell you that well
it's true to be fair I was going through
such a rough time in my life and I I
just didn't realize that my actions
affected people around me and I know you
the viewer expected better of me
so yes it's true i time-traveled an
animal crossing new horizons I don't
know why I did it cuz I look back and
that just feels like it was a completely
different person I was struggling with
depression and all other kinds of mental
illnesses that I like to use as
buzzwords so I naturally turned to the
casual game of animal crossing to get
the rush of serotonin but was quickly
met with an obstacle of waiting in real
life time back then I was under the
guise that if I purchased this game I
was entitled to play it however I wanted
and I was so naive I didn't realize how
wrong I was for thinking that it's taken
me a lot to come forward about these
accusations but I just couldn't stay
silent any longer after my good friend
friend Family Jewels 7ex exposed me on
Twitter calm throughout a series of
tweets he claimed that all time
travelers deserve the death sentence and
used my passport to propose that they
all be branded with osh which prison
numbers as well and I know how it makes
you feel it leaves you thinking is he
genuinely upset does he feel truly
apologize does he have remorse or is he
publicly apologizing because he got
caught it is the latter however I don't
think that makes my apology any less
genuine forget everything you know about
mobile games and smooth transitions and
a sponsor because today's video is
brought to you by crystal Bourne and if
you didn't know it is one of the most
impressive mobile RPGs you will ever see
crystal Bourne just released on iOS and
Android devices for free so be sure to
click the link in the description if
you're wanting to fight unique bosses
collect tons of heroes and participate
in player-versus-player arenas with your
friend
around the world and if that's not
enough for you filled freedom both
yourself in these colorful worlds with
fully animated characters attacks and
stunning visual effects as for the
gameplay my team completely focuses
around desorb because she packs a big
punch has a sassy special animation and
great character design this game allows
you to auto play through the fights but
trust me you will get absolutely stumped
by the strategist out there in PvP if
you try that because I am NOT absolutely
speaking from experience there is an
established ranking system for the PvP
ladder as well as guild conquests and a
fully fleshed out campaign if you're
looking to unpack the lore within the
game of crystal borne so thank you to mg
for sponsoring this video and be sure to
click the link in the description and
download Cristal born for free today ah
so I have been trapped in my house for
the past months living with this guilt
the shame alone has terrified me from
leaving my house because holding myself
accountable is much scarier than a
global pandemic ah so anyways a game
journalist with dubious amounts of
credibility decided to cover this full
fledge scandal and i know you might see
this and think it was just two friends
poking fun at each other but even that
made it into the article under quotation
marks after becoming successful on the
Internet I thought I was immune to
criticism but now I'm realizing the
repercussions of my actions and I do not
like it at all so please just like
comment and subscribe you want to
continue supporting me through this very
hard time because people are turning on
me for reasons I cannot comprehend even
though I am apologizing like I thought
Family Jewels 7x was one of my friends
but I just goes to show you that in the
business world you have no friends
people are just waiting till you slip up
so they can poke fun on you I can't live
like this any longer I decided to turn
myself in and reset my switched to
current time I know that I can't undo
the damage but I'm hoping that this very
small task
can completely serve as damage control
to you know just ease the general
public's opinion on me and with that
being said your words mean so much so
please leave a supportive comment down
below and I will leave a heart next to
it and silently remove
all the negative ones and I know all the
jump cuts have been pretty bad but I
just wanted to get this out there as
soon as possible and I think this is the
point of the video where I should state
I started going to therapy so I really
hope that excuses a lot of my previous
actions so thank you everyone I feel so
much better after talking to this camera
about all of my issues and believe me
when I say I could not come forward if I
didn't feel like all of you at home
would just believe me mindlessly so
thank you for all of that I am a very
genuine person
[Music]
[Applause]